README.md, before:

# (✿◠‿◠) prettier-standard [![Build Status][build-badge]][build] [![version][version-badge]][package] [![Modern Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/modern-node-9BB48F.svg)](https://github.com/sheerun/modern-node)

[prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) and [standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) brought together

While `standard` is a **linter**, `prettier-standard` is a **formatter**. You don't have to fix any warnings anymore :relieved:

## Installation

```
yarn add --dev prettier-standard
```

> If you're using the [`npm`][npm]: `npm install --save-dev prettier-standard`.

> You can also install globally with `npm install -g prettier-standard`

## Usage

```
Prettier and standard brought together!

Usage
  $ prettier-standard [<glob>...]

Options
  --log-level  Log level to use (default: warn)

Examples
  $ prettier-standard 'src/**/*.js'
  $ echo "const {foo} = "bar";" | prettier-standard
```

Typically you'll use this in your [npm scripts][npm scripts] (or [package scripts][package scripts]):

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "format": "prettier-standard 'src/**/*.js'"
  }
}
```

We also encourage to use [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) and [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged). You can configure it as follows:

```json
{ 
  "scripts":{
    "precommit": "lint-staged"
  },
  "lint-staged": {
    "linters": {
      "src/**/*.js": [
        "prettier-standard",
        "git add"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

NOTE: Unlike [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) this package simplifies your workflow by making `--write` flag a default, and allowing for passing code to stdin without additional `--stdin` flag. Now **that's** prettier!

### Vim

It's probably best to use [ale](https://github.com/w0rp/ale) plugin. It supports multiple fixers, including prettier-standard:

```
Plug 'w0rp/ale'
let g:ale_fixers = {'javascript': ['prettier_standard']}
let g:ale_linters = {'javascript': ['']}
let g:ale_fix_on_save = 1
```

### Sublime Text 3

It's possible to use 'prettier-standard' with Sublime Text 3.

1. Install 'prettier-standard' globally according to the installation instructions above.
2. Find the location of your installed executable file.
On a unix based system (like MacOS):
```curl
$ which prettier-standard
```
3. Copy the location. (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/prettier-standard`)
4. Install [SublimeJsPrettier](https://github.com/jonlabelle/SublimeJsPrettier) according to their installation instructions.
5. Open SublimeJsPrettier's default settings in Sublime and copy the line: `"prettier_cli_path": ""`
6. Open SublimeJsPrettier's user settings in Sublime and add the line with the correct location of the 'prettier-standard' executable.
```json
{
  "prettier_cli_path": "/usr/local/bin/prettier-standard",
}
```

You can now use 'prettier-standard' in Sublime Text 3 by opening the **Command Palette** (super + shift + p) and typing `JsPrettier: Format Code`.

## Customizing

Because this package is built on top of [prettier-eslint](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint), you can fully configure its behavior with custom `.eslintrc` file. For example you might want to opt-out of single quotes with following. Any eslint rules are supported.


```json
{
  "rules": {
    "quotes": ["error", "double"],
    "jsx-quotes": ["error", "prefer-double"]
  }
}
```

Additionally, you can use different versions of eslint and prettier. Just include them as a devDependency of your project. prettier-standard will properly recognize this, and use your versions of prettier and eslint instead.


## Related

- [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) - the core package
- [prettier-eslint](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint) - used for integrating with eslint
- [prettier-eslint-cli](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint-cli) - this package is based on it

## Contributors

This package follows [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification.

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/292365?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Stankiewicz</b></sub>](http://sheerun.net)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=sheerun "Code") [🚇](#infra-sheerun "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kent C. Dodds</b></sub>](https://kentcdodds.com)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=kentcdodds "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/3266363?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Garrett-Harris</b></sub>](https://github.com/agarrharr)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=agarrharr "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/17006335?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Benoit Averty</b></sub>](https://github.com/BenoitAverty)<br />[🐛](/prettier/prettier-standard/issues?q=author%3ABenoitAverty "Bug reports") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

## LICENSE

MIT

[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/sheerun/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://travis-ci.org/sheerun/prettier-standard
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/sheerun/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[coverage]: https://codecov.io/github/sheerun/prettier-standard
[dependencyci-badge]: https://dependencyci.com/github/sheerun/prettier-standard/badge?style=flat-square
[dependencyci]: https://dependencyci.com/github/sheerun/prettier-standard
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier-standard
[emojis]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[npm scripts]: https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts
[package scripts]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/p-s
[glob]: https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob

Commit message:

updated readme to ignore information about ignoring files

README.md, after:

# (✿◠‿◠) prettier-standard [![Build Status][build-badge]][build] [![version][version-badge]][package] [![Modern Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/modern-node-9BB48F.svg)](https://github.com/sheerun/modern-node)

[prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) and [standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) brought together

While `standard` is a **linter**, `prettier-standard` is a **formatter**. You don't have to fix any warnings anymore :relieved:

## Installation

```
yarn add --dev prettier-standard
```

> If you're using the [`npm`][npm]: `npm install --save-dev prettier-standard`.

> You can also install globally with `npm install -g prettier-standard`

## Usage

```
Prettier and standard brought together!

Usage
  $ prettier-standard [<glob>...]

Options
  --log-level  Log level to use (default: warn)

Examples
  $ prettier-standard 'src/**/*.js'
  $ echo "const {foo} = "bar";" | prettier-standard
```

Typically you'll use this in your [npm scripts][npm scripts] (or [package scripts][package scripts]):

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "format": "prettier-standard 'src/**/*.js'"
  }
}
```

We also encourage to use [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) and [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged). You can configure it as follows:

```json
{ 
  "scripts":{
    "precommit": "lint-staged"
  },
  "lint-staged": {
    "linters": {
      "src/**/*.js": [
        "prettier-standard",
        "git add"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

### Ignoring Files

You can ignore files by creating a `.eslintignore` in your directory, and using standard glob patterns. `prettier-standard` will not run on these files.

#### .eslintignore
```
myScript.js
myFolder/**/*
...etc
```

NOTE: Unlike [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) this package simplifies your workflow by making `--write` flag a default, and allowing for passing code to stdin without additional `--stdin` flag. Now **that's** prettier!

### Vim

It's probably best to use [ale](https://github.com/w0rp/ale) plugin. It supports multiple fixers, including prettier-standard:

```
Plug 'w0rp/ale'
let g:ale_fixers = {'javascript': ['prettier_standard']}
let g:ale_linters = {'javascript': ['']}
let g:ale_fix_on_save = 1
```

### Sublime Text 3

It's possible to use 'prettier-standard' with Sublime Text 3.

1. Install 'prettier-standard' globally according to the installation instructions above.
2. Find the location of your installed executable file.
On a unix based system (like MacOS):
```curl
$ which prettier-standard
```
3. Copy the location. (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/prettier-standard`)
4. Install [SublimeJsPrettier](https://github.com/jonlabelle/SublimeJsPrettier) according to their installation instructions.
5. Open SublimeJsPrettier's default settings in Sublime and copy the line: `"prettier_cli_path": ""`
6. Open SublimeJsPrettier's user settings in Sublime and add the line with the correct location of the 'prettier-standard' executable.
```json
{
  "prettier_cli_path": "/usr/local/bin/prettier-standard",
}
```

You can now use 'prettier-standard' in Sublime Text 3 by opening the **Command Palette** (super + shift + p) and typing `JsPrettier: Format Code`.

## Customizing

Because this package is built on top of [prettier-eslint](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint), you can fully configure its behavior with custom `.eslintrc` file. For example you might want to opt-out of single quotes with following. Any eslint rules are supported.


```json
{
  "rules": {
    "quotes": ["error", "double"],
    "jsx-quotes": ["error", "prefer-double"]
  }
}
```

Additionally, you can use different versions of eslint and prettier. Just include them as a devDependency of your project. prettier-standard will properly recognize this, and use your versions of prettier and eslint instead.


## Related

- [prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier) - the core package
- [prettier-eslint](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint) - used for integrating with eslint
- [prettier-eslint-cli](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-eslint-cli) - this package is based on it

## Contributors

This package follows [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification.

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/292365?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Stankiewicz</b></sub>](http://sheerun.net)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=sheerun "Code") [🚇](#infra-sheerun "Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)") | [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Kent C. Dodds</b></sub>](https://kentcdodds.com)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=kentcdodds "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/3266363?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Adam Garrett-Harris</b></sub>](https://github.com/agarrharr)<br />[💻](/prettier/prettier-standard/commits?author=agarrharr "Code") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/17006335?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub><b>Benoit Averty</b></sub>](https://github.com/BenoitAverty)<br />[🐛](/prettier/prettier-standard/issues?q=author%3ABenoitAverty "Bug reports") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

## LICENSE

MIT

[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/travis/sheerun/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://travis-ci.org/sheerun/prettier-standard
[coverage-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/sheerun/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[coverage]: https://codecov.io/github/sheerun/prettier-standard
[dependencyci-badge]: https://dependencyci.com/github/sheerun/prettier-standard/badge?style=flat-square
[dependencyci]: https://dependencyci.com/github/sheerun/prettier-standard
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/prettier-standard.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier-standard
[emojis]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[npm scripts]: https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts
[package scripts]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/p-s
[glob]: https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob
